Creating an documentation for an app (#9)
DANIDIA/notes: README.md

# Introduction

> There is a notebook app that allows to store, edit and delete notes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project shows an implementation of a notebook app that allows to create, edit and delete notes.
```

## Technologies

JavaScript, [React](https://react.dev/), [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/en/main)

## Integration

Frontend of application is running on [GitHub pages](https://pages.github.com/)

## Backend API

Written on C# & ASP.NET Core. Hosted on [Somee.com](https://somee.com/)
Backend project - https://github.com/DANIDIA/notesBE

> # Getting Started with Create React App

Reviewer: Delete boilerplate leftovers (everything starting from "Getting Started with Create React App")

# Introduction

> This project shows an implantation of a notebook app that allows to create, edit and delete notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project shows an implementation of a notebook app that allows to create, edit and delete notes.
```
